[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114270)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-compliance-printing-controls.adoc

[id="printing-controls_{context}"]
= Printing controls

[role="_abstract"]

> Compliance standards are generally organized into a hierarchy as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can a view a report of the compliance standards and controls that a given profile satisfies.

Compliance standards are generally organized into a the following hierarchy:
```

[id="printing-controls_{context}"]
= Printing controls

[role="_abstract"]

> You can a view a report of the compliance standards and controls that a given profile satisfies.

Reviewer: My mistake

```suggestion
You can view a report of the compliance standards and controls that a given profile satisfies.
```
